[codemod] Add `optimal-imports` for v5 (#27404)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

}
```

### @material-ui/core/colors

> - The private color path is no longer export as common-js. You should import color from `@material-ui/core/colors`

Reviewer: I think that we can teach the general rule instead.

```suggestion
- Nested imports of more than 1 level are private. You can't import color from `@material-ui/core/colors/red`.
```
